BD-2894 Update contributing guide (#8242)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_contributing/home.md

git clone git@github.com:braze-inc/braze-docs.git
```

In GitHub, go to the Braze Docs repository page and select **Pull requests**.

![Braze Docs repository page with navigation menu containing Pull requests.]({% image_buster /assets/img/contributing/github/menu_pull_requests.png %})

> Open the pull request that you want to allow commits on, then select the **Allow edits from maintainers** checkbox. This will allow the original maintainers of the Docs repository to make changes to your pull request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the pull request that you want to allow commits on, then select the **Allow edits from maintainers** checkbox. This will let the Braze Docs team make style or formatting changes to your pull request.
```
